My name is Steing Dott.
I was born in 1988 in Darwin,
Northern Territory.
When I was eight years old,
I realized that life
was getting very difficult for me.
I was diagnosed with ADHD,
obsessive-compulsive disorder,
Tourette syndrome.
And on top of all of that,
I was diagnosed with severe anxiety as well.
My mum said this affected the entire family
because I would repeatedly
yell out “Good night!”
to each individual person in the family.
And on top of that,
I used to constantly go
around the house,
checking the locks and the windows.
My school life was the hardest thing
I’ve ever had to deal with.
My school was approximately
500 meters from my home.
It would take me
at least two hours to get to school
because one of my obsessions was
that if there were cracks on the footpath
and if I stepped on one,
I’d have to go all the way back home
and start again.
Well, I found life
to be a constant struggle,
and as I got older,
it only got worse.
Even at ten years old,
I decided that I wanted to end my life
so that it would make
everyone in the family’s life a lot easier.
But then we decided
to use some medication,
which eased my problems a little bit.
Despite having medication,
life was still completely unbearable for me.
I had a constant struggle
every day within myself.
I used to wash my hands
hundreds of times a day.
I couldn’t leave the home;
I couldn’t get a driver’s license;
I couldn’t even get a job.
A major turning point in my life
was my mum’s unwavering faith in Jehovah.
She used to iron
my clothes for the meeting
and hang them on the doorknob,
even though I wasn’t ready
to attend the meeting.
But what she didn’t know
was that when my mum
went to the meeting with my sister,
I’d get a Bible,
and I’d try and start to read it.
I also began to pray to Jehovah.
And then one day, I thought,
‘I’m going to give this a shot.’
So I put my suit on, I got ready,
and I went to the meeting.
When I went to the Kingdom Hall,
I was absolutely terrified.
I was so nervous.
But when I got there, I saw an elder
who used to come and visit me,
and he made me feel very relaxed.
And then the amazing welcome
by the brothers and sisters
—it made me feel like I was part
of Jehovah’s organization again.
The scripture that really helped me
was 1 Peter 5:7 because it says:
“While you throw all your anxiety on him,
because he cares for you.”
So this made me feel like
I had a very powerful Friend,
and Jehovah wanted me to throw
my anxieties on him because he loved me.
On September 4, 2010,
it was my most important day of my life.
I got baptized
as one of Jehovah’s Witnesses
at Adelaide Entertainment Centre.
I now serve as a ministerial servant.
I’ve had the privilege of giving public talks,
which is something I never thought
I’d ever be able to do.
I completed pioneer school
after three attempts
because the pioneer school
environment made me feel
like I was back at school
and made me have anxiety again.
So the third time I completed it.
And none of this would ever have been
possible without Jehovah’s help.
On the 6th of August 2016,
I married my beautiful wife, Laura,
who helps me serve Jehovah,
and we can serve
Jehovah every day together.
I, like the apostle Paul,
still feel like I have
a war inside me sometimes.
But definitely,
Jehovah has never let me down.
Never give up on serving Jehovah
because Jehovah
will never give up on you.